foreign
by my authority as a guardian of Hell's
Gates I open a door between our worlds
now come forward and appear before me I
command your summoning
[Music]
believe it worked
so the words of that damned weren't lies
so now let me have a look at you
[Laughter]
look at you all disoriented not knowing
where you are
that's cute
now let me do the introductions my name
is Cinder you might know my name from
Legends I'm a hellhound
yeah it means exactly what you think it
means human
welcome the hell
the place where all Sinners end up to
get eternally tortured for all the acts
you've committed on Earth
and for your first time in hell you have
the chance to meet the chief of the
Guardians of Hell's Gates
or making sure that no foolish living
human comes a hell and do whatever they
want the big boss really hates
one-on-wanted guests decide to come into
his home
no no you're not dead you're as alive as
I am
well not really but with time you'll
understand
well like I said nothing alive should
come to hell but let's just say that
using my authority as the chief guardian
of Hell's Gates
I might have broken one or two taboos to
bring you here
I might have created a crack in your
world and did a reverse summoning
instead of a human summoning a demon it
was the opposite isn't that funny
[Music]
why did I summon you to Hell
[Laughter]
you'll learn soon
and now follow me and Don't Stray away
you might end up in a terrifying
situation
and if a demon takes notice of you they
might want to take you
we don't have living humans wandering
around every day
also
those are chains of Hell once from a
hellhound
those are a little special
you can move normally but the moment you
try to escape they'll tie you up and
bring you back to me
not that you could get far away
have you seen my body
must be really different from the human
world
beautiful brown fur eyes glowing like
the Flames of hell
on top of that my body is much stronger
than it looks I'm an apex predator
that's why only a hellhound can be the
chief that maintains the safety of
Hell's Gates
but I must say
you're pretty calm for a human
I thought you'd be a mess crying all
over the place shaking in fear
I'm a little disappointed instead you
look
interested in hell
you look like a child discovering
something for the first time
you want to know what this is
this is a forest
and might be a little different from the
ones in your world
the trees are made of Flesh and you can
see Sinners hanging from them
of course they're here for eternity it's
very rare that a sinner's punishment
changes in hell
but anyways
welcome to my house
of course I have a home what did you
think let us demons just slept in caves
we all have houses the big boss makes
sure that everyone has a house and food
isn't it like that on Earth
no
well that sucks
maybe you should all work for the ruler
of hell
now enter
so do you like my decor
[Laughter]
but wait there's more
now let me activate this
you can call it my security system
now nobody can leave or enter the house
and nobody outside can hear what's
inside
now follow me to my room
why are you so surprised
it's more girly than you thought it
would be
there are a lot of plushies too so what
does that bother you
no good
you can sit on my bed
good now I'll lay there
soft
and now it's time for you human
to do what I brought you here for
tetany
didn't you hear what I said
pet me come on
here let me take your hand now caress my
head
give me HUD Pats
yeah just like that
hmm that feels so good
don't forget to scratch my ears
yes yes perfect
come on scratch faster
you're so good at it
I knew it was a great idea to bring you
here
come on use both your hands and scratch
both my ears
so perfect
laughs
what is that
the reason I summoned you was to be pet
I heard that you humans are really good
at it
and I must say it's true
come on play with my hair too
yes keep going
no I'm not joking I just want you to pet
me nothing else
you humans never summon any hellhounds
it's always a succubus
you humans are always scared of a big
bad wolf for coming from hell
not that scary
huh
I don't always like being the frightful
Hellhound
sometimes I just want someone to take
care of me giving me paths and telling
me I did a good job
and I don't like when people think I
just like things like blood or violence
look at my room
I prefer soft and cute things like
plushies and blankets
so I'm not sending you back to your
world until I've received lots of head
Pats
that's cute you think I'm cute
really
say it again
no one's called me cute before
hey why'd you stop scratching my ears
yes head Pats and ear scratches
I am sorry for being so mean when we met
I had to be mean and scary so you'd
follow me and in case any other demons
saw us but I'm not really like that
hey
you look a little tired
come on lay on me
it's okay come on
whoa
you're so warm
it's a different kind of worm
not like the Flames of hell but a soft
and kind warmth
I like it
sorry again for summoning you to hell
but now I want to keep you here
you're so soft and kind and you didn't
even get scared of me and also you get
the best head Pats
how about
I play with your hair
softly and slowly
your hair is so soft
do you like it
oh look at that cute face you're making
you really do like it
you're the perfect thing to cuddle
laughs
I like having you in my arms
feels so nice
so
um human
even though I brought you here
you'll be sent back to your world soon
it's how the ritual works
but I don't want you to go you're so
kind to me
it'd be bad for a living human to stay
here and Hell
but
What if I
come to your world and live with you
do you think you would like it
of course it's possible
if we make a pact I can come to your
world and live with you
you just need to know that if you make
one with me you can say goodbye to
heaven
so
do you want to make that packed
well I am a hellhound so to make this
Pact
I
I need to give you the kiss of a
hellhound
I'll need to bite you and leave a mark
that'll never disappear
it'll hurt though
uh is it really okay for you
you're ready to do it
okay
I'm gonna bite the area between your
neck and shoulder
okay
ready
three
two
one
I can't do it
I don't want to hurt you
laughs
okay
I'm ready
three
two
one
are you okay
does it hurt
now that the pact is done we can be
together now
what do you mean it's not complete
I need to receive the kiss of a human
for the pack to be completed
what is the kiss of a human
that was the first time someone kissed
me
I like that
you seem a little tired
take a nap
I'll play with your hair until you fall
asleep and when you wake up we'll be
together inside your home
stop thinking about it and just drift to
sleep
when you wake up you'll have a lot of
Pats and kisses to give